Clarified Windows CLI installation instructions. (#677)
astronomer/docs: software/cli-install-windows-10.md

description: Install the Windows-based CLI or the Unix-based CLI a Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL).
---

> If you're a Windows user and want to install and use the Astronomer CLI, you have the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the Astronomer CLI on Windows, you have the following options:
```

> - Install the Unix-based CLI on Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL)
> - Install the Windows-based CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install the Unix-based CLI on Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL).
- Install the Windows-based CLI.
```
Since these are imperatives, assuming they should be punctuated as complete sentences

> **Note:** Both options require Windows 10 or later.

## Astronomer CLI on Windows Subsystem for Linux

> Before you start the setup and configuration process for the Astronomer CLI on the WSL  make sure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you start the setup and configuration process for the Astronomer CLI on the WSL, make sure:
```

 - You're running the bash terminal
 - You have [WSL enabled](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10)
 - You're running Windows 10 version 2004 or later (Build 19041 or later) or Windows 11

> **Note:** Astronomer recommends using Ubuntu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Astronomer recommends using Ubuntu as your linux distribution for WSL.
```
I could also see this point moved into the "You have [WSL enabled]" bullet point since they're related.

Author: @jwitz good suggestion. Have you considered a career as an editor!

The complete WSL installation guide is available here: [Install WSL](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10)

### Step 1. Install Docker CE for Windows

See [Docker for Windows Install Guide](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/install/).

After finishing the installation, use the distro shell or a Windows Terminal to open a new WSL session. Run `docker run hello-world` in your WSL instance to ensure everything works as expected.

When you run Docker-compose up, go to `/c/Users/name/dev/myapplication` first, or your volume won't work. Don't access `/mnt/c` directly.

### Step 2. CLI Install

Finish the installation and start the deployment DAGs. See [CLI Quickstart Guide](cli-quickstart.md).

## Astronomer CLI on Windows 10 (PowerShell)

Use the following instructions to install a Windows adapted version of the Astronomer CLI.

> ### Step 1. Prerequisite Confirmation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Prerequisites
```

Reviewer: I can't make suggestions on some of these steps, but if you accept this suggestion then we need to update all of the step numbers

Author: @jwitz I was trying to keep the style of the heading consistent, but _Prerequisites_ works better. I'm not sure if we should spend time cleaning up legacy doc, but consistency is good.

Make sure that the WSL 2 based engine is enabled in Docker Settings (preferred). If this is not possible, enable Hyper-V (legacy). This is required to run Docker and Linux Containers.

If you have any issues with Docker, see [Docker's Troubleshooting Guide for Windows](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/troubleshoot/).

### Step 3. Download the Astronomer CLI

> Currently, Astronomer on Windows outside of WSL is only supported by Astronomer CLI versions 0.28 and later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
0.8 is like a prehistoric version of the CLI, so if anyone's installing now it's unlikely that this version requirement will be an issue. I think we can cut this entirely (unless there's a new 0.28 requirement that I don't know about)

> You can download the latest version of the CLI [here](https://github.com/astronomer/astro-cli/releases/). Select an asset that includes windows_386.zip in the filepath.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download the latest version of the CLI on the [Astronomer GitHub](https://github.com/astronomer/astro-cli/releases/). Select an asset that includes windows_386.zip in the filepath.
```
